A formidable task for the younger learner is knowing how to navigate the world effectively.  One of the prerequisites for successful navigation is identifying and distinguishing between efficient and inefficient actions in others. Once infants have acquired the capacity to make this distinction, that they can their knowledge of what constitutes and efficient and inefficient action to design their own efficient actions. However, what makes this task of distinguishing efficient from inefficient actions particularly daunting task is that learners are not directly taught in a "supervised" manner how to distinguish these actions. Instead, they must learn to do this on their own in an "unsupervised" manner. Yet, despite the apparent difficulty of this task, there is evidence to suggest that preverbal infants are capable of distinguishing between these different actions. One of the first studies to provide positive evidence that infants can distinguish efficient from inefficient actions was Gergely et al. (1995). Since this groundbreaking research, it has been shown that X, Y, and Z. This work has also been recently extended to reveal not only that infants can distinguish between efficient and inefficient actions but represent efficiency "continuously". Liu and Spelke (2017) habituated 12-month-old infants to an event in which a small—which was intiially separated from a large circle by a rectangular barrier placed between them—would approach and then jump over the barrier and landing next to the larger circle, at which point both circles grew and shrank. Given that both circles were initially separated by the barrier, most adult observers would interpret Most adult observers would interpret the small circle's action of jumping over the barrier as means to achieve its goal of reuniting with the larger circle. and large circle was shown on either side of a rectangular barrier Two proposals that have been put forward to explain how this feat is achieved is a "teological reasoning" account and a related account X. The teleological.

In this paper, I will argue—and then demonstrate through computer simulations with artificial neural networks—that it is not necessary to assume that infants can interpret the actions of another person in terms of their goals. Instead, I will argue that infants' performance in the previously mentioned studies is the result of two interrelated factors. The first factor relates to the fact that infants presumably entered these experiments with extensive experience with straight-path motion trajectories. A corollary of such experience is that encountering additional straight path trajectories in an experimental setting will necessarily evoke less looking than curved trajectories, a trajectpory with which infants may have comparatively less experience. The second factor concerns the fact that infants behavior within the context of an individual experiment is the result of associative learning; that is, infants associate particular kinematic tracjetories actions, including information about the height of thsoe actions, with barriers. I will use the phrase "kinematic trajectory" throughout the paper instead of the more familiar term "action" because, in my view, actions are abstract, conceptual labels that are applied to trajectories and that infants may not possess. Thus, when infants see a particular kinematic trajectory without the corresponding barrier, this will evoke longer looking to that trajectory. To make this case, I will specifically focus on X and Y—two classic studies that ushered in a wave of reseaerch on this topic—and Liu and Spelke's (2017) more recent study to make this case.


 a wealth of research in developmental science attests to the fact that infants perhaps as young as 12 months of age can do this.

